Zur Person:
- Beruf? Student / Prof / ...
- Alter
- Geschlecht
- Erfahrung mit VR? noch nie / wenige male / öfter / regelmäßig / damit gearbeitet / damit geforscht?

Embodiment:
1. Body ownership.
Q1. “I felt as if the virtual body was my body ”
Q2. “It felt as if the virtual body I saw was someone else”
Q3. “It seemed as if I might have more than one body”
Q4. “I felt as if the virtual body I saw when looking in the mirror was my own body ”
Q5. “I felt as if the virtual body I saw when looking at myself in the mirror was another person”

2. Agency and Motor Control !!!
Q6. “It felt like I could control the virtual body as if it was my own body ”
Q7. “The movements of the virtual body were caused by my movements”
Q8. “I felt as if the movements of the virtual body were influencing my own movements”
Q9. “I felt as if the virtual body was moving by itself”

3. Tactile sensations.
Q10. “It seemed as if I felt the touch of the body in the location where I saw the virtual body touched”
Q11. “It seemed as if the touch I felt was located somewhere between my physical body and the virtual body ”
Q12. “It seemed as if the touch I felt was caused by the body touching the virtual body ”
Q13. “It seemed as ifmy body  was touching the body ” 

4. Location of the body.

Q14. “I felt as if my body was located where I saw the virtual body ”
Q15. “I felt out ofmy body” - If the virtual body is not collocated with the participants’ body:
Q16. “I felt as if my (real) body were drifting toward the virtual body or as if the virtual body were drifting toward my (real) body ”

Q17. “It felt as if my (real) body were turning into an ‘avatar’ body ”
Q18. “At some point it felt as ifmy real body was starting to take on the posture or shape of the virtual body that I saw”
Q19. “At some point it felt that the virtual body resembled my own (real) body , in terms ofshape, skin tone or other visual features.”
Q20. “I felt like I was wearing different clothes from when I came to the laboratory”

Q21. “I felt that my own body could be affected by body ” Q22. “I felt a body sensation in my body when I saw body ” Q23. “When body  happened, I felt the instinct to body ”
Q24. “I felt as ifmy body had body ” - If there is a threat to the body:
Q25. “I had the feeling that I might be harmed by the body ”

--------------

embodiment komplett + score ausrechnen

Workload:
- performance	! wie denkt man hat man abgeschnitten? im vergleich?
- frustration  ! war es frustrierend oder spaßig?
Nasa TLX oder Stress scale


demographisch vorher
rest nach dem experiment


trainingseinheit / probedurchlauf  ca. 5 minuten -- durchscnittswerte wie lang man braucht?
einmal spielen

pilotstudie mit wenig erfahrener person

distanz messen


between: entweder tracker oder ohne


offene fragen am ende / kommentar
als feld oder persönlich fragen

google forms für fragebögen
nummer zuweisen
zwei fragebögen in google
einer am anfang anderer am ende
z.B. ungerade sind mit tracker


nicht sagen was getestet wird oder alles drumherum

vorher einfügen um was es geht
vr, ausweichen, was wird passieren
kasten zustimmen
screenshot in anleitung

